API-7733 Webhooks definition management changes (#814)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/management/configuration-api/v3.3/index.mdx

| `filters.chat_member_ids`                | no       | `object`   | Only one filter (`agents_any` or `agents_exclude`) is allowed.                                                                                            |
| `filters.chat_member_ids.agents_any`     | no       | `[]string` | Array of Agents' ids; if any specified Agent is in the chat, the webhook will be triggered.                                                               |
| `filters.chat_member_ids.agents_exclude` | no       | `[]string` | Array of Agents' ids; If any specified Agent is in the chat, the webhook will not be triggered.                                                           |

> | `owner_client_id`                        | no       | `string`   | ClientID of desired webhook owner. Required when Personal Access Token is used to authorize.                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `owner_client_id`                        | no       | `string`   | The Client ID for which the webhook will be registered. It's required when a Personal Access Token is used for authorization.                                                              |
```

Reviewer: I think we need to add the method definition for **[Register Webhook](https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/814/files#diff-8ad53a5eba0e6c361340079931ab39577b913fa57076b7150d8d07cb95da1fb2R3478)**. I propose:

> Registers a webhook for the Client Id (application) associated with the access token used in the request. Later on, registered webhooks can be [enabled](#enable-webhook) for a given license.

<Text>

> ### List Webhooks

Reviewer: Lists all webhooks registered for the **Client Id** associated with the access token passed in the request. If you authorize with a PAT, you need to specify the Client Id.

Reviewer: passed, used, submitted?

#### Specifics

|                 |                                                                                  |
| --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Method URL      | `https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.3/configuration/action/list_webhooks`            |
| Required scopes | `webhooks.configuration:rw`                                                      |

#### Request

| Parameter         | Required | Data type | Notes                                                                                        |
| ----------------- | -------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `owner_client_id` | no       | `string`  | ClientID of desired webhook owner. Required when Personal Access Token is used to authorize. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `owner_client_id` | no       | `string`  | The webhook owner (the Client Id for which the webhook is registered). It's required when a Personal Access Token is used for authorization. |
```

Reviewer: The webhook(s) is already registered, so it has an owner (that's why I used the Present tense instead of the Future tense).

<Text>

### List Webhooks

> Lists all webhooks registered for the given Client ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lists all webhooks registered for a given Client ID.
```

|                 |                                                                            |
| --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Method URL      | `https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.3/configuration/action/unregister_webhook` |
| Required scopes | `webhooks.configuration:rw`                                       |

#### Request

| Parameter         | Required | Data type | Notes                                                                                        |
| ----------------- | -------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `id`              | Yes      | `string`  | Webhook ID                                                                                   |

> | `owner_client_id` | no       | `string`  | ClientID of desired webhook owner. Required when Personal Access Token is used to authorize. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `owner_client_id` | no       | `string`  | The webhook owner (the Client Id for which the webhook is registered). It's required when a Personal Access Token is used for authorization. |
```

Reviewer: Method definition proposal for [**Unregister Webhook**](https://github.com/livechat/livechat-public-docs/pull/814/files#diff-8ad53a5eba0e6c361340079931ab39577b913fa57076b7150d8d07cb95da1fb2R3603):

Unregisters a webhook previously [registered](#register-webhook) for a Client Id (application).
